$1 Speaker versus $4,000 speaker
starting with a $1 speaker this is
incredibly portable and it
sounds like it's got one note and
everything is just a slight variation of
that it's one out of 10 for $10 then you
can get something that's well nearly 10
times the size the sound is so much
Fuller and you actually have base that's
an easy five at 10 times that price you
have JBL it does have a lot more
features and
waterproofing wo the base hits you like
a truck this has to be a seven out of 10
but the $500 Sonos move is not just a
better speaker it's got something called
true play tuning which actually adjusts
the sound based on the furniture you
have around the sound quality is not
actually a lot better than JBL it's just
basier here it's an eight this $4,000
dvla Phantom bow is in a world of its
own it's got zero Distortion it has 108
DB of volume allowing it to hit you with
base deeper than you've ever heard
before 10 out of 10 subscribers